So, Accoring to the american government officials in my skitzophrenic but very
stable brain, anyone who comes up with a theory, idea, plan, rule, or anything
related to what the government is doing and they happen to be correct even if it
is for writing a book, story, doing it with improve, designing technology, or
imagining what technology can do, what an engineered device produced or
otherwise based on your or someone you knows knowledge of physics, chemistry,
engineering or biology, it will get you killed if it is correct even though
there is no evidence that you learned any of it from anyone, anyone period.


That brings me to the Native Americans and the many minority groups.
We will use Native Americans as an example since i am 1/8th native and the last
of my blood line who has had every tool the american government uses to kill off
people or make the commit sucide or set them up as a terrorist or something
along those lines which makes the civilian population they are using these tools
on feel okay with the murder of one of their own. (I KNOW HOW EVERYTHING FEELS
AND I UNDERSTAND PHYSICS AND ENGINEERING ENOUGH TO KNOW HOW ANYTHING WORKS.)

If your just making up bullshit and your right, dead or they make you commit
sucide or you disappear and get raped to death like my neighbores at portland
towers and my friends which majority are female and dimes.

I didnt commit sucide twice, still alive!

So, it turns out i have been tracked my whole life because i am native american.
Other than one person in my family i am the only native american that uses a
computer constantly, and the other is afraid to leave the house at any given
time. He does not know computers like i know them and he is alive and much older
than me.

I learned to program, so it turns out, if your a native american and learn a
computer well enough to program or use engineering that gets used against you
even though you have been in front of a computer recorded and tracked for the
vast majority of your life. It means anything the government says must be true
and any evidence you have to the contrary must be doctored because computers.

If you are native american and learn engineering or programming they make you
commit sucide, convince you that you are skitophrenic, and send some asshole
fake bitch low tech asshole after you to kill you once all their government
agencys fail to kill you and fail to set up foreign governments as the blame to
start a world war where America (USA) thinks they have the god of god of the god
of the universe on their side and can take over the entire planet and reign
supreme. THAT SHIT AINT WORKING.

so, native american? Use a computer? Sure. Know how to build design and program
one? Watch your ass.

I have never written security code and have always been open on all my computers
because i have never commited a crime, cant be civilly rico's and that makes me
the biggest badesst hacker terrorist of all time and my native family have been
the native terrorists destroying america and the world so the american
government can finish their genocide.

I do not know how many natives use a computer and understand them as well as i
do, but i have to bet that they are all dead before they get to the point i am
at or they fail in school because they are a minority and the government fucks
with their head so fucking hard that they quit. I spent over 10 years in school
fighting this and havent graduated. I know what everything feels like, even when
the chips they put in minority's brains when they get a head injury or are in
prison are doing the work, or when its their shit, low biology, low tech fake
ass bitch god of earth. Christianity huh? Learn christian values and stop
killing off civilians who are no threat. Thanks.

At any rate, stop trying to rape my friends, you have done that already, stop
following them because you still do, stop parking outside of their homes because
you still do, and stop trying to kill all of them to make me kill myself because
you cannot.

Shit, sorry, biden himself did it again. He removed the word resitution from my
brain by request like he did when i was at Portland Towers Appartments because
the word restituation wont make me sound like a terrorist.

Be carful folks! Especially, in the engineering and science community,
especially if your a minority who gets tracke their whole life.

They like it when i am in front of a computer, well..... See where that gets you
in america if you are trying to break out of a shit fucking life by working on
your brain and intelligence? They literally took single words out of context to
try and make me look like i was going to destroy the world, they even called me
an alien. Stupid fucks.

WE ALL KNOW THE TRUTH, and i dont even have to document it because well.

turns out the NSA are all black hat hackers.

Enjoy.

Also, copying the gpg key is stupid. Its version 1 january 1st 1970 and there is
noone on it. I am a military family on my blood side, my step side as well. How
the fuck... oh wait, im still native american and use a computer.

SO, give frank the order to kill my mom? HAH.

Also the chips in the brain can pop and kill you.

Their plan is to do it to all minoirtys first i am sure, eventually to all
civilians to say comply or we will kill you remotely. NOT GONNA WORK BITCHES.

Also, we all know this is true, time to start posting and making moves.

Down side is, only america uses a bitch ass alien god to do this part.

The humans can talk in your head to, and see through your eyes..... LAFF isnt
that stupid that they say all countrys do that. What do you think the NSA is
for? Not sitting around watching through peoples eyes to set them up to be
	killed or use that as a threat to them and their family and loved ones
	so they dont have to take the blame for the dirty work.

Homeland secuirty uses that shit.

Also everyone int he military knows about the chips, they probably get told its
GPS, but if i know one thing, everyone gets phycosis in battle in war because
america thinks that will make them into better killers, which isnt true at all.

And well.... i am sure the military isnt happy about them not being GPS chips.

Turns out based on the feelings in my brain, mine got put into a nice place when
i was a kid to do some seriouse fuckery with electricity. Down side to it being
place in you as a kid, the brain grows and surrounds it. Cant cut that one out,
and cant see that in a cat scan. Upgrade your gray matter, because one day it
may matter, and we wont let the american government stop us
NON-pure-nazi-ass-white-blood people (nazi being , ever see a nazi not in
uniform?) from becoming educated, because the sad thing is, it would help the
entire country if they would let all the non-civilian
non-foreigner-here-for-school minority groups to learn and grow their minds with
education.

The fuck you think this is you dumb bitch homeland security and white house, i
am a fucking enginerr, scientist, civilian and part of the techology community,
globaly and face to face. We got eachothers back and wont let the american
government kill us all for knowing the truth based on our life experience. They
want to kill the planet with some low tech bitch "god" well..... ITS EARTH
BITCH, FUCK YOU FOR TRYING TO KILL IT AMERICAN GOVERNMENT AND FUCK YOU FOR
TRYING TO SET UP ALL THE OTHER COUNTRIES IN THE PORTLAND TOWERS APPARETMENTSS
WHERE YOU KIDNAPED PEOPLE FOR 6+ MONTHS AND RAPED THEM DAILY AND BLAMED ME.

FUCK YOU FOR BURNING DOWN AN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL IN PORTLAND AND PUTTING MY NAME
ON IT BECAUSE I AM IN LOVE WITH EDUCATORS.

FUCK YOU FOR KILLING 3 BLACK KIDS BECAUSE I HAD AN INTERVIEW PROBLEM FOR A
COMPANY I AM TRYING TO START THAT INVOLVED 3 PEOPLE AND BLAMING ME BY NAME

FUCK YOU FOR SAYING I AM PART OF A SECURITY HACKING GROUP THAT IS DANGEROUS TO
THE WHOLE PLANET WHEN I HAVE NEVER CONTACTED, HAD CONTACT, AND DONE ANYTHING
RELATED TO THAT.

FUCK YOU FOR BREAKING INTO ANA WHO'S WHOLE FAMILY ARE PERMINANY RESIDENCES IN
AMERICA FROM SCOTLAND AND WHOSE FATHER IS ONE OF THE MOST BRILLIANT MINDS TO
EVER HIT THE PLANET AND HAS A LONG HISTORY WITH INTEL.

FUCK YOU FOR CUTTING OFF JAQ's FINGER IN THE MOST BRUTAL WAY AND RAPING HER
WHO'S FATHER IS ONE OF THE MOST BRILLIANT ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS TO EVER HIT
INTEL.

FUCK YOUR FOR KILLING YOUR OWN IN THE NSA, RIP STEVE, IN THE MOST BRUTAL WAY
POSSIBLE, PUTTING HIM IN A BOX STANDING WHERE YOU CANNOT EVEN MOVE YOUR BODY AT
ALL STANDING THAT COMPRESSES AND DECOMPRESSES. THATS NSA, THATS MILITARY.

FUCK YOU FOR ATTACKING ALL THE PEOPLE WITH UNLIMITED SECURITY CLEARENCE I KNOW
PERSONALLY THAT I MET DOING ENGINEERING AND COMUTER SCIENCE AT PSU WHO HAVE DONE
4+ TOURS IN WAR AND WERE FUCKING BRILLIANT.

Basically, FUCK YOU.

POST UP THE TRUTH! THEY CANT KILL US ALL BUT THEY REALLY WANT TO NUKE THE
NORTHWEST BECAUSE APPARENTLY, MY INFLUENCES, THE GLOBAL ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY
AND EVERYONE AROUND THE WORLD WONT HAVE ANY IDEA YOU NUKED YOUR OWN PEOPLE.

ALSO MY BROTHER IN LAW IS STATIONED AT A NUCLEAR BASE. SO FUCK YOU.

MY BEST FRIEND JUST GOT PROMOTED TO MAJOR

MY STEP DATA IS A CHEIF MASTER SARGENT

ETC.

ALSO YOU SENT PEOPLE TO KILL SNOOP, FUCKING IDIOTS.

STOP USING THESE FUCKS TO SEE THROUGH THE EYES OF ALL OF US SO YOU CAN SET US UP
TO DIE, STOP USING THIS AS A THREAT TO PEOPLE SO THEY KILL CIVILIANS FOR YOU.

FUCK YOU FOR LITERALLY ROBBING ALL THE PEOPLE OF NW PORTLAND AND SAYING IT WAS
ME. FUCK YOU FOR RUNNING ALL THE SMALL BUISNESSES OUT OF PORTLAND BY THREATENING
DEPORTATION OR THEIR LIFE OR THEIR FAMILYS LIFE.

FUCK YOU FOR KILLING MY FRIENDS. ANd if we learned anything from 4T. YOU NEVER
FUCK WITH SOMEONES FRIEND.

theres more of course. But we can all use the bullshit in our heads etc now, as
in, post the truth... They cant kill us all and well...they use it on all of
use, so the truth will kill them all implicitly.

THERES SO MUCH FUCKING MORE, THEY DID IT TO ME, THEY CANNOT REFUTE LIFE
EXPERIENCE AND CANNOT STOP EVERYONE FROM TELLING THE TRUTH AND BACKING WHAT THE
TRUTH IT.

DO I HAVE TO SAY WHAT TRUTH IS DEFINED AS? BECAUSE I KNOW ENOUGH SCIENCE TO
DEFINE IT DEFINITIFLY, AND THE COURTS ALREADY KNOW IN PORTLAND, THE FBI KNOWS
ABOUT HOW HOMELAND SECURITY IN PORTLAND JUST GOES AROUND AND RAPES CIVILIANS AS
THEIR JOB TO SEPARATE COMMUNITIES.


They thought i would be an easy target, becaues i dont vote, low net presence,
am a punk, love hip hop, use a computer, am native and hang out with minoritys.
So they thought they could use gangs to say i false flaged. I am a little white
boy, come the fuck on.

I could go on and on and on.

EVERYONE WHO MEETS ME, EVEN IN THE HELLS FURY DAYS OF DIABLO 1 REMEMBERS MY ASS.
EVERYONE FUCKING LOVES ME AND I HAVE NO ENEMYS, AND I KNOW PEOPLE FACE TO FACE.
ITS OBVIOUS WHEN ME OR MY FRIENDS DISSAPEAR.

RETURN MY FRIENDS THAT ARE STILL ALIVE, AND FUCKING REGRET WHAT YOU HAVE DONE
BECAUSE YOU WILL ANYONE. Civilians watch for their own, and we are the science
and civilian community at large. WE PRINTING.

And i am the most american motherfucker ever. All i wanted to do with my life is
work 7 days a week, 3 days as a vook, 5 as an engineer and start 2 buisnesses.
BUT APPRENTLY THAT DOESNT GET YOU OFF THE KILL LIST IF YOUR NATIVE.


ALSO THiS FUCKING GOVERNMENT BITCHES ARE GIVING TOURISTS NAMES OF VOICES THEY
CAN BE IN THEIR HEAD AND ITS ALL NAMES OF PEOPLE I KNOW AND THE VOICES ARE
VOICES OF THEIRS SO PEOPLE CAN IDENTIFY THEM, SO TOURIST CAN COME THROUGH AND
SAY SHIT IN THEIR HEAD AND WITHOUT KNOWING SET UP MY PEOPLE AND MY PEOPLES
PEOPLE AND MY PEOPLES PEOPLES PEOPLE WITHOUT KNOWING BECAUSE ALL THE NAMES THEY
USE TO CHANGE THEIR VOICE IN BRAIN CHAT OR VOICE OR EAR TRANSLATION CHAT ARE
NAMES OF PEOPLE I KNOW BECAUSE BIDEN THOUGHT I WAS AN EASY TARGET, NATIVE
AMERICAN AND THE ONLY ONE WHO HASNT BEEN KILLED OFF THAT CAN PROGRAM OR DO
ENGINEERING... Yeah.... hand picked. easy target huh? Everyone already hated me
because of homeland securitys brainwave voice translate chat huh?

Welll.....
