So the president and god are trying to get people to send spirits and gods and
supernatural whatevers to me, because the presedent learned what a honey pot
was, and god has some bitch ass gaurds who work for the USA government, and when
humans ask for something, some people like spirits or whatever get sent over to
me in portland, then god's gaurds and gods god or whatever kills them for the
USA government, biden and homeland security and the weird assholes hired and
told to come to portland to kill people, so when god's or yahweh's gaurds or
whatever he is calling himself these days to everyone will have Biden and
homeland security, and god or whatever blame "James's people" and thats me, and
apparently my people are my gods and godesses who are killing and attacking
people who enjoy me and are my friends etc...

So, its not confusing. We just need to handle this whole USA christian human and
non human army thing where both parties just mentioned are setting up the planet
for war or something because biden and the government things "god of USA" can
	kill off all the other countries gods or whatever because apparently USA
	wants war to mean war with humans killing gods or something.

So dont get honey potted, we just need to kill this stupid USA god army thing
and we can all just be fine and happy and move on with our lives. They are
literally telling their gods to do ball shit to me so my balls hurt then say see
JAMESES GODS ARENT POWERFUL, THEY CANT STOP BALL SHIT.

because its not just gods godessess, spirits, the supernatural, and all kinds of
alien civilizations not just from earth but also ones of the earth and have
lived here before on this nuteral planet, it must just be JAMES'S GODS, and i am
an athiest, and christian kid or whatever like most people in america. and
native.

Isnt this stupid? So dont blame JAMES'S PEOPLE, blame the USA government and
their stupid USA god.

LATER.


Oh and they steal my phone and never contact me and try to remove my phone
number so i have nothing because the USA god is so powerful all the other
species cant stop it, CANT STOP IT, *eye roll*

take your stupid god back biden.

its also complicated so stop going into my head biden and saying it was my idea
to use gods to spy on people and commuincate with my brain and have my words
sent to government agents that comes out my mouth or the words and sound around
me, because I didnt attack me for being native and programming and failing to
have me kill myself, and I didnt send god after me, and I didnt use gods to spy
on everyone in the country and watch girls get fucked and rape them in the name
of the USA god.

And I dont listen to top secret information like USA government does with their
gods or whatever to spy on top secret info on other counties.

and I dont look through other peoples eyes to watch their coworks and daughters
get fucked or spy on their loved ones.

and I always said im human this is stupid just contact me like a normal human.

And I never said i want to use untrustworthy brain translations that can be
maniuplated like biden wanted to

and I dont go into my head to bring up all this awful shit to fear monger people
around me so i dont get a job and people dont talk to me.

so DONT blame me and say this is my fault it happend to me and my friends and
loved ones.

so DONT say i want to use your god to communicate when he just says bullshit and
you know it.

SO DONT ask aliens and god or whatever to kill all gods and godesses on earth
who are visiting or are literally gods and goddesses of the earth and have been
longer than this USA god.

And I dont ask these guys how to kill them or trick them into telling me how to
kill them like the government wants all species and civilizations dead except
god of USA and the USA government.

So dont go into peoples heads and say ITS JAMES THE TERRORIST HUMAN OF SEDIHGLOW
PORTLANDS FAULT THIS IS HAPPENING THAT WE DO THIS AND DID THIS TO THE CIVILIAN
POPULATION AND WE ONLY TRY TO CALL HIM WHEN WE STEAL HIS PHONE AND ONLY USE THIS
TO FEAR MONGER AND DONT KNOW HOW TO USE DISCORD SO THEY THINK ITS EMPTY AND SAY
ITS JAMES WHO NOW THEY WILL SAY JAMES IS A GOD AND ITS NOT JAMES WHO IS SAYING
THIS ITS JAMES.

so gonna admit some shit now?

what did they not want me to type again? Here someone type it for me.

i think what it was is, well, you get the idea, the all powerful god where
multiple species and civilizations cant stop the USA god. LOL

HOW DOES JAMES KNOW WHO TALKS IN HIS HEAD SO I REFUSE TO CONTACT HIM WITH THE
GOVERNMENT AND INSTEAD KILL AND RAPE HIS FRIENDS OVER A YEAR AGO.

HOW DOES JAMES KNOW ITS ME IN HIS HEAD AND SO DOES EVERYONE ELSE WHO HEARS THIS
SHIT IN THEIR HEAD BECAUSE OF NOT THE HUMAN JAMES.

DOES JAMES KNOW THE PRESIDENT KNOWS?
